# CodeLess&trade; iOS Library

The CodeLess&trade; library implements the Renesas CodeLess&trade; and DSPS protocols and provides
helper classes to support the development of your own CodeLess&trade; and DSPS applications.

Import the `CodelessLib` library source code into your Xcode project.
You can use the SmartConsole iOS application source code as reference.

For more information on how to use the library, refer to the documentation of the following classes.
- Use `CodelessBluetoothManager` to scan for Bluetooth devices.
- Use `CodelessManager` to connect and interact with a CodeLess&trade; or DSPS device.
- `CodelessCommands` contains helper methods for sending various AT commands to the peer device.
- `CodelessLibEvent` contains event classes for all possible events that can be generated by the library.
- `CodelessProfile` contains definitions and helper classes and methods.
- See `CodelessCommand` on how supported AT commands are implemented and how to add new commands.
- Modify `CodelessLibConfig` to configure various aspects of the library behavior.
- Modify `CodelessLibLog` to configure the log output produced by the library.

**See also:** [CodeLess User Manual](https://lpccs-docs.renesas.com/UM-140-DA145x-CodeLess/index.html)

**Note:**
There is also a [CodeLess&trade; library for Android](https://github.com/dialog-semiconductor/codeless_lib_android) development, which is written in Java.
While class names may be slightly different and the API uses the Java syntax, the Android
library behavior is similar to the iOS one, except for some platform specific cases.

----------

### Import into Xcode
1. Copy the `CodelessLib` source code directory to the root of the project.
2. Select "Add files" at the top level and select `CodelessLib.xcodeproj`.
3. Add dependencies in "Build Phases" in project settings.
   - Add `CodelessLib` to "Target Dependencies"
   - Add `libCodelessLib.a` to "Link Binary With Libraries"
4. Add library headers in "Build Settings" in project settings.
   - Find "Header Search Paths"
   - Add "recursive" search path
     ```
     $(PROJECT_DIR)/CodelessLib/CodelessLib
     ```
5. Add required privacy keys for Bluetooth in `Info.plist`
   - "Privacy - Bluetooth Always Usage Description" (`NSBluetoothAlwaysUsageDescription`)
   - "Privacy - Bluetooth Peripheral Usage Description" (`NSBluetoothPeripheralUsageDescription`)
6. If you are using Swift, add `#import <CodelessLib.h>` in the Objective-C bridging header. Create the bridging header if it does not exist.
