The CodeLess&trade; library implements the Renesas CodeLess&trade; and DSPS protocols and provides
helper classes to support the development of your own CodeLess&trade; and DSPS applications.

<p>
Import the <code>CodelessLib</code> library source code into your Xcode project.
You can use the SmartConsole iOS application source code as reference.
</p>

<p>For more information on how to use the library, refer to the following documentation pages.</p>
<ul>
    <li>Use {@link CodelessBluetoothManager} to scan for Bluetooth devices.</li>
    <li>Use {@link CodelessManager} to connect and interact with a CodeLess&trade; or DSPS device.</li>
    <li>{@link CodelessCommands} contains helper methods for sending various AT commands to the peer device.</li>
    <li>{@link CodelessLibEvent} contains event classes for all possible events that can be generated by the library.</li>
    <li>{@link CodelessProfile} contains definitions and helper classes and methods.</li>
    <li>See {@link CodelessCommand} on how supported AT commands are implemented and how to add new commands.</li>
    <li>Modify {@link CodelessLibConfig} to configure various aspects of the library behavior.</li>
    <li>Modify {@link CodelessLibLog} to configure the log output produced by the library.</li>
</ul>

<p>
<b>See also:</b> <a href="https://lpccs-docs.renesas.com/UM-140-DA145x-CodeLess/index.html">CodeLess User Manual</a>
</p>

<p>
<b>Note:</b>
There is also a CodeLess&trade; library for Android development, which is written in Java.
While class names may be slightly different and the API uses the Java syntax, the Android
library behavior is similar to the iOS one, except for some platform specific cases.
</p>
